src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:26:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like itsTransitionAdapter
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:26:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like itsTransitionAdapter
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:43:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:43:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:45:	MissingBreakInSwitch: A switch statement does not contain a break
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:45:	MissingBreakInSwitch: A switch statement does not contain a break
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:76:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:76:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:95:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:95:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:99:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:99:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:111:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:111:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:112:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:112:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:124:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:124:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:125:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:125:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:136:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:136:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:137:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:137:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'multiplicity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/ArcAdapter.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'multiplicity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:24:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'PetriNetAdapter' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:24:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'PetriNetAdapter' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:24:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'PetriNetAdapter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:24:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'PetriNetAdapter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:29:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ourPetri field if you want a default access modifier
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:29:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ourPetri field if you want a default access modifier
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:29:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:29:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:29:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:29:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pa' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pa' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ta' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ta' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ta
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ta
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'aa' (lines '65'-'70').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'aa' (lines '65'-'70').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'aa' (lines '65'-'82').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'aa' (lines '65'-'82').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like aa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like aa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pa' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pa' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:68:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:68:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ta' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ta' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:69:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ta
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:69:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ta
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:76:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:76:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:77:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:77:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pa' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pa' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:80:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:80:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ta' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ta' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:81:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ta
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:81:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ta
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:88:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:88:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:89:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:89:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'place' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'place' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:101:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'aa' (lines '101'-'104').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:101:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'aa' (lines '101'-'104').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:101:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like aa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:101:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like aa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pa' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pa' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:102:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:102:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ta' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ta' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:103:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ta
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:103:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ta
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:110:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:110:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:111:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:111:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'place' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'place' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:122:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'aa' (lines '122'-'125').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:122:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'aa' (lines '122'-'125').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:122:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like aa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:122:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like aa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pa' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pa' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:123:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:123:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pa
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ta' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ta' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:124:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ta
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:124:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ta
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:131:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:131:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:132:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:132:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'place' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'place' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:145:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:145:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:145:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:145:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'placeId' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'placeId' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:146:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:146:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:159:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:159:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:159:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:159:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'transId' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'transId' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:173:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:173:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:173:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:173:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arcId' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arcId' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:184:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:184:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:184:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:184:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'transAdapter' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'transAdapter' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:195:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:195:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'main(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'main(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'main' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'main' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	NPathComplexity: The method 'main(String)' has an NPath complexity of 4096
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	NPathComplexity: The method 'main(String)' has an NPath complexity of 4096
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	NcssCount: The method 'main(String)' has a NCSS line count of 149.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	NcssCount: The method 'main(String)' has a NCSS line count of 149.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	NcssMethodCount: The method main() has an NCSS line count of 149
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	NcssMethodCount: The method main() has an NCSS line count of 149
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'main' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:202:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'main' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:205:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:205:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pna' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pna' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:207:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:207:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:210:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:210:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absPlace1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absPlace1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:212:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:212:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:213:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:213:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:214:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:214:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:214:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:214:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:217:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:217:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:218:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absPlace2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:218:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absPlace2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:219:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:219:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:220:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:220:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:221:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:221:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:221:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:221:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:224:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:224:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:225:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absTrans1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:225:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absTrans1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:226:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:226:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:227:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:227:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:228:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:228:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:228:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:228:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:231:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:231:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:232:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'absArcIn1' (lines '232'-'234').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:232:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'absArcIn1' (lines '232'-'234').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:236:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:236:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:238:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:238:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:240:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:240:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:241:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Liste des arcs de notre code : " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 241
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:241:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Liste des arcs de notre code : " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 241
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:241:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:241:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:241:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:241:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:244:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:244:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:245:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'absArcOut1' (lines '245'-'247').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:245:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'absArcOut1' (lines '245'-'247').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:249:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:249:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:251:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:251:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:253:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:253:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:254:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:254:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:254:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:254:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:257:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:257:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:262:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:262:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:266:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:266:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:268:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:268:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:272:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:272:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:277:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:277:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:281:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:281:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:283:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:283:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:287:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:287:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:289:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:291:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:291:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:291:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:291:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:294:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:294:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:296:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:296:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:298:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:298:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:298:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:298:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:301:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:301:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:302:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absTrans2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:302:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absTrans2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:304:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absPlace3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:304:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absPlace3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:305:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:305:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:306:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:306:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:307:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:307:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:309:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'absArcEmptierIn' (lines '309'-'311').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:309:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'absArcEmptierIn' (lines '309'-'311').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:313:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:313:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:315:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:315:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:316:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:316:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:317:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:317:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:317:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:317:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:321:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:321:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absPlace4' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absPlace4' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:325:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'absArcZeroIn' (lines '325'-'327').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:325:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'absArcZeroIn' (lines '325'-'327').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:329:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:329:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:331:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:331:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:332:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:332:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:333:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:333:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:333:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:333:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:336:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:336:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:338:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:338:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:339:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:339:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:340:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:340:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:341:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:341:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:342:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Is the transition activable ? " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 342
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:342:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Is the transition activable ? " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 342
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:342:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:342:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:344:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:344:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:345:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:345:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:347:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:347:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:351:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:351:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:353:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:353:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:354:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:354:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:355:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:355:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:356:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:356:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:357:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:357:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:359:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:359:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:360:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:360:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:362:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:362:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:366:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:366:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:368:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absPlace5' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:368:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absPlace5' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:369:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:369:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:371:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absArcOut2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:371:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'absArcOut2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:374:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:374:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:375:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:375:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:376:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:376:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:377:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:377:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:378:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:378:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:380:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:380:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:381:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:381:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:382:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:382:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:384:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:384:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:388:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:388:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:389:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:389:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:391:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:391:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:392:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:392:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:393:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:393:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:394:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:394:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:395:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:395:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:397:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:397:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:398:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:398:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:399:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:399:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:401:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:401:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:404:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:404:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:405:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:405:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:405:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:405:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:406:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:406:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:406:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:406:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:406:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:406:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:406:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:406:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:406:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:406:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:407:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:407:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:407:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:407:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:407:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:407:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:407:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:407:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:407:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:407:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:408:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:408:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:410:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:410:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:410:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:410:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:411:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:411:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:411:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:411:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:411:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:411:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:411:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:411:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:411:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:411:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:412:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:412:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:412:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:412:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:412:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:412:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:412:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:412:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:412:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:412:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:413:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:413:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:416:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:416:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:417:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:417:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:417:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:417:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:418:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:418:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:420:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:420:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:420:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:420:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:421:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:421:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:424:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:424:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:425:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:425:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:425:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:425:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:426:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:426:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:428:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:428:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:428:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:428:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:429:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PetriNetAdapter.java:429:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'myTokens' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'myTokens' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'myTokens' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'myTokens' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:51:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:51:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:51:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:51:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/PlaceAdapter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/TransitionAdapter.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/TransitionAdapter.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/TransitionAdapter.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/TransitionAdapter.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/TransitionAdapter.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/TransitionAdapter.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/TransitionAdapter.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/TransitionAdapter.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/TransitionAdapter.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/adapters/treguib/TransitionAdapter.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EdgeTypes.java:3:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EdgeTypes.java:3:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EdgeTypes.java:4:	FieldNamingConventions: The enum constant name 'RegularIn' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EdgeTypes.java:4:	FieldNamingConventions: The enum constant name 'RegularIn' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EdgeTypes.java:5:	FieldNamingConventions: The enum constant name 'ZeroIn' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EdgeTypes.java:5:	FieldNamingConventions: The enum constant name 'ZeroIn' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EdgeTypes.java:6:	FieldNamingConventions: The enum constant name 'EmptierIn' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EdgeTypes.java:6:	FieldNamingConventions: The enum constant name 'EmptierIn' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EdgeTypes.java:7:	FieldNamingConventions: The enum constant name 'RegularOut' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EdgeTypes.java:7:	FieldNamingConventions: The enum constant name 'RegularOut' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'weight' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'weight' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:74:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/EmptierIn.java:74:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'weight' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'weight' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'weight' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'weight' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:75:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularIn.java:75:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:54:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:54:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:54:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:54:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:54:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:54:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:54:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/RegularOut.java:54:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:50:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:50:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:50:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:50:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:50:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:50:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:63:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:63:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/edges/ZeroIn.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/exceptions/AddEdgeException.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/exceptions/AddEdgeException.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/exceptions/AddEdgeException.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/exceptions/AddEdgeException.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/exceptions/AddEdgeException.java:20:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'AddEdgeExeption' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/exceptions/AddEdgeException.java:20:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'AddEdgeExeption' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/exceptions/AddEdgeException.java:20:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/exceptions/AddEdgeException.java:20:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/interfaces/Edgeable.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/interfaces/Edgeable.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/interfaces/Edgeable.java:23:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addEdge': the method is declared in an interface type
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/interfaces/Edgeable.java:23:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addEdge': the method is declared in an interface type
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/interfaces/Edgeable.java:29:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteEdge': the method is declared in an interface type
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/interfaces/Edgeable.java:29:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteEdge': the method is declared in an interface type
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:1:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:1:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:5:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:5:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:15:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:15:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:15:	DataClass: The class 'Edge' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=16.667%, NOPA=0, NOAM=7, WMC=11)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:15:	DataClass: The class 'Edge' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=16.667%, NOPA=0, NOAM=7, WMC=11)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:15:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Edge
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:15:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Edge
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:28:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'counter'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:28:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'counter'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:33:	ImmutableField: Private field 'identifier' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:33:	ImmutableField: Private field 'identifier' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:64:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:64:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:80:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'setMyPlace' called during object construction
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:80:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'setMyPlace' called during object construction
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:81:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'setMyTransition' called during object construction
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:81:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'setMyTransition' called during object construction
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'myPlace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'myPlace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'myTransition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'myTransition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:165:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:165:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:165:	NcssCount: The method 'main(String)' has a NCSS line count of 84.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:165:	NcssCount: The method 'main(String)' has a NCSS line count of 84.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:167:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:167:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eIn1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eIn1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:169:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:169:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eOut1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eOut1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:171:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:171:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eZIn1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eZIn1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:173:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:173:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eEIn1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eEIn1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:175:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:175:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:178:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:178:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eIn2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eIn2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:180:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:180:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eOut2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eOut2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:182:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:182:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eZIn2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eZIn2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:184:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:184:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eEIn2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eEIn2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:186:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:186:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:189:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:189:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eIn3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eIn3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:191:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:191:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:192:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "\u0009Place associated to this edge : " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 192
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:192:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "\u0009Place associated to this edge : " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 192
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:192:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:192:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:193:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "\u0009Transition associated to this edge : " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 193
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:193:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "\u0009Transition associated to this edge : " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 193
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:193:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:193:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eOut3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eOut3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:195:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:195:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:196:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:196:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:197:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:197:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eZIn3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eZIn3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:199:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:199:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:200:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:200:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:201:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:201:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eEIn3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eEIn3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:203:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:203:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:204:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:204:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:205:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:205:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:209:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:209:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:211:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "nombre de jetons de la place : " appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 211
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:211:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "nombre de jetons de la place : " appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 211
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:211:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:211:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:211:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:211:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:211:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:211:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:212:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "poids de la transition : " appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 212
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:212:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "poids de la transition : " appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 212
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:212:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:212:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:213:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:213:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:213:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:213:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:213:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:213:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:214:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:214:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:215:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:215:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:215:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:215:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:215:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:215:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:218:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:218:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:220:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:220:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:220:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:220:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:220:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:220:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:221:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:221:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:222:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:222:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:222:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:222:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:222:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:222:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:223:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:223:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:224:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:224:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:224:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:224:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:224:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:224:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:227:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:227:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:229:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:229:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:229:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:229:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:229:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:229:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:230:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:230:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:231:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:231:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:232:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "r�sultat du fill/step : " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 232
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:232:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "r�sultat du fill/step : " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 232
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:232:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:232:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:232:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:232:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:232:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:232:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:235:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:235:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:237:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:237:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:237:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:237:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:237:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:237:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:238:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:238:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:239:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "La transition est-elle activable ? " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 239
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:239:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "La transition est-elle activable ? " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 239
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:239:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:239:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:239:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:239:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:239:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:239:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:240:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:240:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:241:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:241:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:241:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:241:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:241:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:241:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:244:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:244:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:246:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:246:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:246:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:246:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:246:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:246:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:247:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:247:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:248:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:248:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:248:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:248:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:248:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:248:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:249:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:249:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:250:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:250:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:250:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:250:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:250:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:250:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:254:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:254:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:256:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:256:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:256:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:256:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:256:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:256:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:257:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:257:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:258:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:258:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:258:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:258:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:258:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:258:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:259:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:259:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:260:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:260:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:260:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:260:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:260:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:260:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:263:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:263:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:265:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:265:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:265:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:265:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:265:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:265:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:266:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:266:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:267:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:267:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:267:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:267:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:267:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:267:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:268:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:268:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:269:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:269:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:269:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:269:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:269:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Edge.java:269:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:4:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:4:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:6:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:6:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:15:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:15:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:15:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like In
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:15:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like In
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:62:	MissingOverride: The method 'step()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:62:	MissingOverride: The method 'step()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:90:	EmptyMethodInAbstractClassShouldBeAbstract: An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:90:	EmptyMethodInAbstractClassShouldBeAbstract: An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:90:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/In.java:90:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:1:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:1:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:3:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:3:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:4:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:4:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:8:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Main
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:8:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Main
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:8:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:8:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pn' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pn' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pn
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pn
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:14:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:14:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:14:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:14:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:18:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:18:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:19:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:19:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:20:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:20:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:21:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:21:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place4' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place4' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:22:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:22:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place5' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place5' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:23:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:23:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:23:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:23:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:26:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:26:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'trans1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'trans1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:27:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:27:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'trans2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'trans2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:28:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:28:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:28:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:28:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'e1' (lines '31'-'71').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'e1' (lines '31'-'71').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:31:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:31:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e1
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e1
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:31:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'e1'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:31:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'e1'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:32:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'e2' (lines '32'-'71').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:32:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'e2' (lines '32'-'71').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:32:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:32:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:32:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:32:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:32:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'e2'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:32:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'e2'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:33:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'e3' (lines '33'-'71').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:33:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'e3' (lines '33'-'71').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:33:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:33:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e3
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e3
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:33:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'e3'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:33:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'e3'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:34:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'e4' (lines '34'-'71').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:34:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'e4' (lines '34'-'71').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:34:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:34:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e4' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e4' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e4
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e4
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:34:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'e4'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:34:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'e4'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:35:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'e5' (lines '35'-'71').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:35:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'e5' (lines '35'-'71').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:35:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:35:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e5' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e5' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:35:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e5
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:35:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e5
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:35:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'e5'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:35:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'e5'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:36:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'e6' (lines '36'-'71').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:36:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'e6' (lines '36'-'71').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:36:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:36:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e6' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e6' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e6
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e6
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:36:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'e6'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:36:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'e6'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:37:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:37:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:37:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:37:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:40:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:40:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:40:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:40:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:44:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:44:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:44:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:44:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:47:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:47:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:48:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:48:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:51:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:51:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:51:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:51:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:54:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:54:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:55:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:55:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:55:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:55:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:58:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:58:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:59:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:59:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:59:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:59:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:62:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:62:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:63:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:63:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:63:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:63:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:66:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:66:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:66:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:66:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:67:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:67:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:68:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:68:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:68:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Main.java:68:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:1:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:1:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:8:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:8:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:8:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Out
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:8:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Out
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:56:	MissingOverride: The method 'step()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:56:	MissingOverride: The method 'step()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:79:	EmptyMethodInAbstractClassShouldBeAbstract: An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:79:	EmptyMethodInAbstractClassShouldBeAbstract: An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:79:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Out.java:79:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:4:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:4:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:6:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:6:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:17:	SingleMethodSingleton: Class contains multiple getInstance methods. Please review.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:17:	SingleMethodSingleton: Class contains multiple getInstance methods. Please review.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:26:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:26:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:27:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:27:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:28:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:28:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ne' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ne' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'np' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'np' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ne
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ne
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like np
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like np
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nt
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nt
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:45:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:45:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:51:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:51:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ne' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ne' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'np' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'np' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:61:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ne
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:61:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ne
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:61:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like np
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:61:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like np
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:61:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nt
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:61:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nt
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:62:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:62:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'myPlaces' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'myPlaces' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'myTransitions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'myTransitions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'myEdges' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'myEdges' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'transition' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'transition' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:125:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:125:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:127:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'edge' (lines '127'-'129').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:127:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'edge' (lines '127'-'129').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:129:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:129:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:132:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:132:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'identifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'identifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:148:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:148:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:148:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:148:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:149:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:149:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:149:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:149:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:155:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:155:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:155:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:155:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:156:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:156:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:156:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:156:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'identifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'identifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:172:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:172:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:172:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:172:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:173:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:173:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:173:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:173:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'identifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'identifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:191:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:191:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:191:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:191:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:192:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:192:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:193:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:193:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:193:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:193:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:194:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:194:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:203:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:203:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:203:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:203:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:208:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:208:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:213:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:213:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:213:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:213:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:214:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:214:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:220:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:220:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:222:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:222:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:223:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:223:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:225:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:225:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:226:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:226:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:239:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:239:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:240:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:240:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:240:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:240:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:241:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:241:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:242:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:242:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hp' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hp' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:243:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like hp
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:243:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like hp
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:243:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:243:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:244:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ht' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:244:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ht' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:244:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ht
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:244:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ht
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:244:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:244:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:245:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'he' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:245:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'he' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:245:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like he
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:245:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like he
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:245:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:245:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:246:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:246:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:247:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:247:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:250:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:250:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:251:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pl1' (lines '251'-'270').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:251:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pl1' (lines '251'-'270').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pl1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pl1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:251:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'pl1'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:251:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'pl1'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:252:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pl2' (lines '252'-'270').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:252:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pl2' (lines '252'-'270').
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pl2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pl2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:252:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'pl2'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:252:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'pl2'.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:253:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:253:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:254:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:254:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:255:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:255:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:256:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:256:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:257:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:257:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:258:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:258:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:261:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:261:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:262:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:262:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:263:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:263:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:265:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:265:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:266:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:266:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:268:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/PetriNetwork.java:268:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:4:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:4:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:29:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'counter'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:29:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'counter'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:34:	ImmutableField: Private field 'identifier' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:34:	ImmutableField: Private field 'identifier' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:48:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:48:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:87:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:87:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:93:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:93:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:98:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:98:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'identifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'identifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:102:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:102:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:117:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:117:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:119:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:119:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:122:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:122:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:124:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:124:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:127:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:127:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:131:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:131:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:133:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:133:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:137:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:137:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:141:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:141:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:143:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Place.java:143:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:1:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:1:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:23:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'counter'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:23:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'counter'
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:24:	ImmutableField: Private field 'identifier' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:24:	ImmutableField: Private field 'identifier' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:25:	ImmutableField: Private field 'myPlaces' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:25:	ImmutableField: Private field 'myPlaces' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:26:	ImmutableField: Private field 'myOuts' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:26:	ImmutableField: Private field 'myOuts' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:27:	ImmutableField: Private field 'myIns' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:27:	ImmutableField: Private field 'myIns' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:39:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:39:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:40:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:40:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:41:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:41:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nMyIns' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nMyIns' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nMyOuts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nMyOuts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nMyPlaces' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nMyPlaces' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:90:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:90:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:91:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:91:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'regularIn' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'regularIn' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:98:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:98:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:98:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:98:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:98:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:98:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:99:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:99:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'regularOut' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'regularOut' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:103:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:103:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:103:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:103:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:103:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:103:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:104:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:104:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'zeroIn' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'zeroIn' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:108:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:108:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:108:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:108:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:108:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:108:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:109:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:109:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emptierIn' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emptierIn' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:113:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:113:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:113:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:113:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:113:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:113:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:114:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:114:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'identifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'identifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:140:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like b
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:140:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like b
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:142:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:142:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:142:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:142:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:142:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:142:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:155:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:155:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:157:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:157:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:157:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:157:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:157:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:157:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:159:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:159:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:161:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:161:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:161:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:161:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:161:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:161:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:169:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:169:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ins' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ins' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:172:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:172:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'outs' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'outs' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:176:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:176:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:186:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:186:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:186:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:186:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:188:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:188:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'trans1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'trans1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:190:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:190:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:193:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:193:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place1' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place2' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place3' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place4' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'place4' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:201:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:201:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:206:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:206:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:211:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:211:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:216:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:216:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:218:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:218:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:221:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:221:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:222:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:222:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:222:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:222:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:223:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:223:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:227:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:227:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:228:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:228:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:232:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:232:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:234:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:234:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:237:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:237:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:238:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:238:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:239:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/Transition.java:239:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/package-info.java:8:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/org/pneditor/petrinet/models/treguib/petriNetwork/package-info.java:8:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
